DELLNER BUBENZER
Buel® G
Home
Products
Buel® G
REQUEST INFORMATION
DOWNLOAD SPECIFICATIONS
OVERVIEW
MAIN FEATURES
OPTIONS
Buel® G
The BUEL® Model G is a new family member of the DELLNER BUBENZER brand BUEL®. It is a compact thruster to feed active or passive hydraulic brakes and emergency brakes. It is also suitable for small capacity hydraulic cylinders. Operational pressure can be up to 250 bar.
Compact design
Fail safe principle
Variable tank capacity, small filling quantity
Use of bio-degradable oils possible
Redundant valve system
Energy saving by limited duty cycle
Automatic compensation of pressure losses, by short time actuation
Hydraulic parts protected inside the housing
2 pressure outlets
Internal generation of the control voltage for valves and sensors
Overload protection by monitoring of the working pressure
External manual release incl. “dead-man-handle”
Integrated bursting pressure protection
Options for additional functions and monitoring
Electrical design
All BUEL® thrusters are operated with 3-phase voltages between 220 V to 690 V @ 50 Hz or 60 Hz.
Protection class
All electric components of the BUEL® thrusters are located inside, for best protection against environmental influences. BUEL® thrusters are rated IP 65. Protection class IP 67 is possible as an option.
Operating modes
BUEL® Model G thrusters are designed for intermittent duty, independently from the required operating mode of the drive installed. There is no limitation of duty cycle. The motor is switched off after reaching the working pressure. In case the working pressure is not reached within 4 seconds, the motor is switched off internally.
Ambient temperature range
BUEL® thrusters are suitable for ambient temperatures between -30°C to +60°C. For deviating ambient temperatures, please contact us for support.
Protection against moisture
For applications in maritime or tropic environments, the optional use of a small heater to protect the motor windings from moisture is recommended.
Heater voltages can be:
110 to 120 V AC 50 Hz or 60 Hz
220 to 240 V AC 50 Hz or 60 Hz
Hydraulic media
BUEL® Model G thrusters are filled with a high performance synthetic oil, type Fuchs Titan CHF 11S. This oil insures a trouble-free operation in the entire temperature range, indicated above.
Biodegradable oils can be used as an option.
Additional PRODUCTS
FILTER BY INDUSTRY
All
All
Bridges & Movable Structures
Container Handling
Cranes & Hoists
General Industry
Iron & Steel
Marine Propulsion
Material Handling
Mining & Bulk Handling
Offshore
Oil & Gas
Pulp & Paper
Wind Energy
FILTER BY PRODUCT TYPE
All
All
Caliper / Disc Brakes
Components & Accessories
Couplings
Drum & Band Brakes
Hydraulic Systems
Locking Devices
Monitoring & Control Systems
Motor Mounted Brakes
Pneumatic Drum Clutches & Brakes
Stop Turn Lock Systems
Storm Brakes (Rail & Wheel Brakes)
Thruster / BUEL®
Wind Turbine Components
WPT Disc Clutches & Brakes
Anti Sway Systems
DELLNER BUBENZER's Anti Sway Systems allow the damping of head-block, spreader and container oscillation generated by acceleration / deceleration of trolley and gantry.
BAC
The BAC-brakes is used for stopping and/or holding of fans, blowers, wind turbines, coilers, crane slewing and travel gears etc.
BHB
Band Brake for large torque applications that can be used for emergencies or back up braking needs. Band Brakes have been around for many years and we offer many ways to operate via thruster, air, hydraulic or hand wheel.
BOSS®
The BOSS® Brake Only Snag System system has been developed based on the experience with the SOS system that has been already installed in more than 200 container cranes world wide.
Brake Control Unit BCMS-X
The BCMS-X is a micro-controller-based monitoring and switching device for spring applied brakes of the SFB, KFB, and TS series.
Brake Control Unit BCU2001
The Brake Control Unit BCU 2001 records characteristic current and voltage variations, which are induced by movements of the armature disk in the magnetic field of the brake coil.
BRB 120
These brakes are for parking utilization, securing the crane against the wind force. In emergency condition they can be operated also as dynamic brakes to stop the crane. They are hydraulic powered with HPU or BUEL® G.
BSC
The high capacity of these brakes makes them particularly suitable as service- or secondary emergency brakes e.g. on hoists, slewing drives and belt conveyors.
Buel® G
The BUEL® Model G is a new family member of the DELLNER BUBENZER brand BUEL®. It is a compact thruster to feed active or passive hydraulic brakes and emergency brakes.
Buel® H
The BUEL® Model H is a family member of the DELLNER BUBENZER brand BUEL®. BUEL® thrusters are used for almost all kind of industrial applications.
CMB-3 For SB Brakes
Compact status monitoring system for a brake system with display and fieldbus interface.
CMB-3 For SF Brakes
Compact status monitoring system for a brake system with display and fieldbus interface.
Compactus HPU
Compactus is a pneumatically operated hydraulic pump system that multiplies pneumatic line pressure into hydraulic pressure that is sufficient to operate pressure applied disc brakes at rated capacity.
DB HPU
The DB hydraulic power packs deliver pressure up to 200 bar and can be delivered with optional hydraulic cabinets and electrical terminal boxes.
DBRB
These brakes are for parking utilization, securing the crane against the wind force. In emergency condition they can be operated also as dynamic brakes to stop the crane.
DBRBe
These brakes are for parking utilization, securing the crane against the wind force. In emergency condition they can be operated also as dynamic brakes to stop the crane.
DBSB
DELLNER BUBENZER's DBSB is a storm safety brake for all rail mounted equipment, e. g. cranes, stackers, reclaimers etc.
DBSBT
Rail brakes work pressing down on the top of rail by disk springs. Brakes are hydraulically released. Usual parking utilisation requires a few closing / opening cycles per day.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
Next
close window
Request Information
1
Please select a Dellner Bubenzer office location in your region.
Choose a Location
Choose a Location
Benelux
Brasil
China
China Shanghai
Germany
Italy
Malaysia
Middle East
Singapore
Sweden
USA
2
Please select a reason for today’s inquiry.
Select an Option
Sales
Service
Become a Supplier
General Inquiry
PROCEED
I am interested in receiving more information about Buel® G.
SUBMIT Form
Site protected by Google reCAPTCHA.
Google
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
apply.
close window
Request for Download
Thank you for your interest in our downloadable content. Please complete the form below in order to access website downloads.
I agree to receive future communication from DELLNER BUBENZER.
SUBMIT Form
Site protected by Google reCAPTCHA.
Google
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
apply.