DELLNER BUBENZER
Products
Home
Products
FILTER BY INDUSTRY
All
All
Bridges & Movable Structures
Container Handling
Cranes & Hoists
General Industry
Iron & Steel
Marine Propulsion
Material Handling
Mining & Bulk Handling
Offshore
Oil & Gas
Pulp & Paper
Wind Energy
FILTER BY PRODUCT TYPE
All
All
Caliper / Disc Brakes
Components & Accessories
Couplings
Drum & Band Brakes
Hydraulic Systems
Locking Devices
Monitoring & Control Systems
Motor Mounted Brakes
Pneumatic Drum Clutches & Brakes
Stop Turn Lock Systems
Storm Brakes (Rail & Wheel Brakes)
Thruster / BUEL®
Wind Turbine Components
WPT Disc Clutches & Brakes
SB 17.3 MXs
The SB series stands out due to its extremely fast closing times and its variability. It is used in a wide range of industries around the world due to its versatility, ease of application and user-friendly handling.
SB 22
The SB 22 stands out due to its extremely fast closing times and its variability. It is used in a wide range of industries around the world due to its versatility, ease of application and user-friendly handling.
SB 23.3
The SB 23.3 stands out due to its extremely fast closing times and its variability. It is used in a wide range of industries around the world due to its versatility, ease of application and user-friendly handling.
SB 28.5
Supported by decades of engineering, evolution, and innovation, the SB 28.5 brake presents significant advantages with an enhanced and compact design, sustainability, and preeminent performance.
SB 30
The SB 30 is the most powerful service brake in this series. It is dimensioned for large hoists and for BOSS applications. Furthermore, automatic adjustment, self-centering, jaw parallel adjustment are part of the standard equipment.
SB 8 Series
The SB 8 series covers a large part of the versatile industrial applications. It is often used in hoists where installation space is limited and can be equipped with a wide range of options.
SBS - Safety Brake System
The SBS system consist of a spring applied, hydraulically released SKP model disc brake and the hydraulic brake release pressure is generated from a Hydraulic Power Pack – all incorporated on a bracket. The SBS is typically used on stacker cranes (bolted to crane structure) and the brake is acting directly on the crane travel railhead. The system communicate with the crane control system and can stop the crane wherever in the aisle in an emergency situation.
SF 10-40
The high capacity of the SF-series makes them particularly suitable as secondary emergency brakes on hoist gears and on downhill conveyors.
SF 50
The high capacity of the SF-series makes them particularly suitable as secondary emergency brakes on hoist gears and on downhill conveyor.
SFB
For many years a seawaterproof version of the SFB series has been used successfully on winch motors in ship building and as a safety, service or holding brake in wharf crane installations.
SKD 100 Active Brakes
DELLNER BUBENZER's model SKD disc brakes are direct acting, hydraulic or air pressure applied, spring released units.
SKD 140 Active Brakes
DELLNER BUBENZER's model SKD disc brakes are direct acting, hydraulic or air pressure applied, spring released units.
SKD 35-50-65-80 Active Brake
DELLNER BUBENZER's model SKD disc brakes are direct acting, hydraulic or air pressure applied, spring released units.
SKD 4x125 Active Brakes
DELLNER BUBENZER's model SKD disc brakes are direct acting, hydraulic or air pressure applied, spring released units.
SKD 90 Active Brakes
DELLNER BUBENZER's model SKD disc brakes are direct acting, hydraulic or air pressure applied, spring released units.
SKD(E) 100 Electric Active Brake
DELLNER BUBENZER's model SKDe disc brakes are direct acting electric applied, spring released units.
SKD(E) 50 Electric Active Brake
DELLNER BUBENZER's model SKDe disc brakes are direct acting electric applied, spring released units. The braking force achieved is directly proportional to the applied pressure.
SKP 140 Fail Safe Brake
The SKP model disc brake is a spring applied, hydraulically released brake which offers a reliable and safe of method of braking linear or rotary motion.
Prev
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
Next
GLOBAL
SUPPORT NETWORK
An investment in DELLNER BUBENZER provides benefits beyond the highest quality product  standards that have been globally appreciated for decades. As an industry-leading brake product provider, we are also distinguished by our 24/7 concierge service. Our worldwide network of factory-certified technicians trained on the latest in technology  enables us to provide fast reaction times and infinite support on a local level.
We are always there for our customers to minimize downtime and maximize productivity. A partnership with DELLNER BUBENZER delivers long-term success and service satisfaction that can be trusted.
LEARN MORE
FIND A LOCATION
SUPPORT UNLIMITED
Preventative Service
Reactive Services
Life Cycle Management