DELLNER BUBENZER
Motor Mounted Brakes
Home
PRODUCTS
Motor Mounted Brakes
FILTER BY INDUSTRY
All
All
Container Handling
Iron & Steel
Marine Propulsion
Offshore
Cranes & Hoists
Material Handling
Mining & Bulk Handling
FILTER BY PRODUCT TYPE
Motor Mounted Brakes
All
Caliper / Disc Brakes
Components & Accessories
Couplings
Drum & Band Brakes
Hydraulic Systems
Locking Devices
Monitoring & Control Systems
Motor Mounted Brakes
Pneumatic Drum Clutches & Brakes
Stop Turn Lock Systems
Storm Brakes (Rail & Wheel Brakes)
Thruster / BUEL®
Wind Turbine Components
WPT Disc Clutches & Brakes
Brake Control Unit BCMS-X
The BCMS-X is a micro-controller-based monitoring and switching device for spring applied brakes of the SFB, KFB, and TS series.
Brake Control Unit BCU2001
The Brake Control Unit BCU 2001 records characteristic current and voltage variations, which are induced by movements of the armature disk in the magnetic field of the brake coil.
KFB
The KFB is a spring applied safety brake which is mainly used in gantry, trolley and hoisting application on harbour crane systems, in dynamic and static use at general industrial applications, in mechanical engineering, steel mills, coal mining or wind energy systems.
SFB
For many years a seawaterproof version of the SFB series has been used successfully on winch motors in ship building and as a safety, service or holding brake in wharf crane installations.
Twin Safe
The Twin Safe is our larger torque twin disc variation of our classic reliable SFB series, used successfully on winch motors in ship building and as a safety, service or holding brake in wharf crane installations.
Brake Rectifiers BGL/EGL
Half Wave & Full Wave rectifiers for Din rail or panel mounted rectification.
PE 400/150/5
Protective element to be connected parallel to the output of the rectifiers BGL, EGL and SGL to increase the interurruption capacity
Rectifiers FWR and HWR
Half Wave & Full Wave rectifiers for junction box mounting.
Switching Rectifier SGL
Din rail mounted unit switches from bridge rectification to half-wave
rectification
GLOBAL
SUPPORT NETWORK
An investment in DELLNER BUBENZER provides benefits beyond the highest quality product  standards that have been globally appreciated for decades. As an industry-leading brake product provider, we are also distinguished by our 24/7 concierge service. Our worldwide network of factory-certified technicians trained on the latest in technology  enables us to provide fast reaction times and infinite support on a local level.
We are always there for our customers to minimize downtime and maximize productivity. A partnership with DELLNER BUBENZER delivers long-term success and service satisfaction that can be trusted.
LEARN MORE
FIND A LOCATION
SUPPORT UNLIMITED
Preventative Service
Reactive Services
Life Cycle Management