DELLNER BUBENZER
Storm Brakes (Rail & Wheel Brakes)
Home
PRODUCTS
Storm Brakes (Rail & Wheel Brakes)
FILTER BY INDUSTRY
All
All
Container Handling
Cranes & Hoists
Mining & Bulk Handling
FILTER BY PRODUCT TYPE
Storm Brakes (Rail & Wheel Brakes)
All
Caliper / Disc Brakes
Components & Accessories
Couplings
Drum & Band Brakes
Hydraulic Systems
Locking Devices
Monitoring & Control Systems
Motor Mounted Brakes
Pneumatic Drum Clutches & Brakes
Stop Turn Lock Systems
Storm Brakes (Rail & Wheel Brakes)
Thruster / BUEL®
Wind Turbine Components
WPT Disc Clutches & Brakes
BRB 120
These brakes are for parking utilization, securing the crane against the wind force. In emergency condition they can be operated also as dynamic brakes to stop the crane. They are hydraulic powered with HPU or BUEL® G.
DBRB
These brakes are for parking utilization, securing the crane against the wind force. In emergency condition they can be operated also as dynamic brakes to stop the crane.
DBRBe
These brakes are for parking utilization, securing the crane against the wind force. In emergency condition they can be operated also as dynamic brakes to stop the crane.
DBSB
DELLNER BUBENZER's DBSB is a storm safety brake for all rail mounted equipment, e. g. cranes, stackers, reclaimers etc.
DBSBT
Rail brakes work pressing down on the top of rail by disk springs. Brakes are hydraulically released. Usual parking utilisation requires a few closing / opening cycles per day.
DBSZ
These rail clamps are storm brakes static suitable for small to medium forces. They are spring actuated; the spring exercise the closing force while an hydraulic cylinder fed by a suitable hydraulic unit provides the opening.
DBSZA
These rail clamps are storm brakes suitable for high forces. They are self-blocking type; in case a force acts on the crane and tends to put the same into motion, they press on the rail sideways.
DBSZe
These rail clamps are storm brakes static suitable for small to medium forces. They are spring actuated; the spring exercise the closing force while a group composed by electric motor, gear reducer and a ball screw provides the opening.
DBSZR
These rail clamps are storm brakes suitable for high forces. They are self-blocking type; in case a force acts on the crane and tends to put the same into motion, they press on the rail sideways.
GLOBAL
SUPPORT NETWORK
An investment in DELLNER BUBENZER provides benefits beyond the highest quality product  standards that have been globally appreciated for decades. As an industry-leading brake product provider, we are also distinguished by our 24/7 concierge service. Our worldwide network of factory-certified technicians trained on the latest in technology  enables us to provide fast reaction times and infinite support on a local level.
We are always there for our customers to minimize downtime and maximize productivity. A partnership with DELLNER BUBENZER delivers long-term success and service satisfaction that can be trusted.
LEARN MORE
FIND A LOCATION
SUPPORT UNLIMITED
Preventative Service
Reactive Services
Life Cycle Management