DELLNER BUBENZER
Products
Home
Products
FILTER BY INDUSTRY
All
All
Bridges & Movable Structures
Container Handling
Cranes & Hoists
General Industry
Iron & Steel
Marine Propulsion
Material Handling
Mining & Bulk Handling
Offshore
Oil & Gas
Pulp & Paper
Wind Energy
FILTER BY PRODUCT TYPE
All
All
Caliper / Disc Brakes
Components & Accessories
Couplings
Drum & Band Brakes
Hydraulic Systems
Locking Devices
Monitoring & Control Systems
Motor Mounted Brakes
Pneumatic Drum Clutches & Brakes
Stop Turn Lock Systems
Storm Brakes (Rail & Wheel Brakes)
Thruster / BUEL®
Wind Turbine Components
WPT Disc Clutches & Brakes
JHS-RLM-280
Manually activated rotor lock used for safety purposes during maintenance operations to stop the rotor mechanically. The maximum lateral force is 6400 N and the standard stroke is 95 mm. Other strokes are available upon request.
K
These couplings are for use in application with high dynamic loads. Damping of peak torques and vibrations as well as electrical insulation between motor and gearbox are further reasons for the use of this coupling type.
KB
The KB Gear Couplings are characterized by high power density. They are used in machines that require torsionally rigid torque transmission, especially those with frequently changing loads and speeds.
KBSD
The KBSD Gear Couplings are for use in machinery where a torsionally rigid torque is required, especially on frequently varying loads and speeds.
KBT
These couplings are for use in machinery where a torsionally rigid torque is required, especially on frequently varying loads and speeds.
KFB
The KFB is a spring applied safety brake which is mainly used in gantry, trolley and hoisting application on harbour crane systems, in dynamic and static use at general industrial applications, in mechanical engineering, steel mills, coal mining or wind energy systems.
KH
These couplings are for use in application with high dynamic loads. Damping of peak torques and vibrations as well as electrical insulation between motor and gearbox are further reasons for the use of this coupling type.
KHD
These couplings are for use in application with high dynamic loads. Damping of peak torques and vibrations as well as electrical insulation between motor and gearbox are further reasons for the use of this coupling type.
KL
These couplings are for use in application with high dynamic loads. Damping of peak torques and vibrations as well as electrical insulation between motor and gearbox are further reasons for the use of this coupling type.
KLST
These couplings are for use in application with high dynamic loads. Damping of peak torques and vibrations as well as electrical insulation between motor and gearbox are further reasons for the use of this coupling type.
KST
These couplings are for use in application with high dynamic loads. Damping of peak torques and vibrations as well as electrical insulation between motor and gearbox are further reasons for the use of this coupling type.
LM 20-40-50 Locking Devices
Models within LM series (locking devices) are fail safe  and used to mechanically lock a rotational or linear application in a controlled position.
LM 70 - 95 Locking Devices
Models within LM sere (locking devices) are fail safe  and used to mechanically lock a rotational or linear application in a controlled position.
N
The Hub with Brake Disc Type N + NX is appropriate for all drives, where the brake is not located between motor and gearbox, like brake installation on the second gear box shaft or at the motor end shaft.
NTRST
The NTRST Drum Couplings is a high-performance solution for hoist, winches, and conveying systems, ensuring a reliable connection between the gearbox output shaft and the rope drum. Designed to compensate for misalignments caused by bending drum structures, it enhances equipment lifespan and reduces wear.
NX
The Hub with Brake Disc Type N + NX is appropriate for all drives, where the brake is not located between motor and gearbox, like brake installation on the second gear box shaft or at the motor end shaft.
SB 16
The SB 16 brake has a very compact design and is often used on trolleys for container gantry cranes, RTG and RMG equipment
SB 17.3 MX
The SB 17.3 MX brake is a spring-actuated, magnetic-return disc brake for trolley applications on container gantry cranes and other port logistics equipment. Furthermore, the very compact design results in a range of industrial applications in various industries
Prev
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
Next
GLOBAL
SUPPORT NETWORK
An investment in DELLNER BUBENZER provides benefits beyond the highest quality product  standards that have been globally appreciated for decades. As an industry-leading brake product provider, we are also distinguished by our 24/7 concierge service. Our worldwide network of factory-certified technicians trained on the latest in technology  enables us to provide fast reaction times and infinite support on a local level.
We are always there for our customers to minimize downtime and maximize productivity. A partnership with DELLNER BUBENZER delivers long-term success and service satisfaction that can be trusted.
LEARN MORE
FIND A LOCATION
SUPPORT UNLIMITED
Preventative Service
Reactive Services
Life Cycle Management