DELLNER BUBENZER
Couplings
Home
PRODUCTS
Couplings
FILTER BY INDUSTRY
All
All
Wind Energy
Container Handling
Iron & Steel
Cranes & Hoists
Material Handling
Mining & Bulk Handling
FILTER BY PRODUCT TYPE
Couplings
All
Caliper / Disc Brakes
Components & Accessories
Couplings
Drum & Band Brakes
Hydraulic Systems
Locking Devices
Monitoring & Control Systems
Motor Mounted Brakes
Pneumatic Drum Clutches & Brakes
Stop Turn Lock Systems
Storm Brakes (Rail & Wheel Brakes)
Thruster / BUEL®
Wind Turbine Components
WPT Disc Clutches & Brakes
EB
These couplings are for use in application with high dynamic loads. Damping of peak torques and vibrations as well as electrical insulation between motor and gearbox are key features that make this type of coupling ideal for use.
ECD
These couplings are for use in application with high dynamic loads. Damping of peak torques and vibrations as well as electrical insulation between motor and gearbox are key features that make this type of coupling ideal for use.
K
These couplings are for use in application with high dynamic loads. Damping of peak torques and vibrations as well as electrical insulation between motor and gearbox are further reasons for the use of this coupling type.
KB
The KB Gear Couplings are characterized by high power density. They are used in machines that require torsionally rigid torque transmission, especially those with frequently changing loads and speeds.
KBSD
The KBSD Gear Couplings are for use in machinery where a torsionally rigid torque is required, especially on frequently varying loads and speeds.
KBT
These couplings are for use in machinery where a torsionally rigid torque is required, especially on frequently varying loads and speeds.
KH
These couplings are for use in application with high dynamic loads. Damping of peak torques and vibrations as well as electrical insulation between motor and gearbox are further reasons for the use of this coupling type.
KHD
These couplings are for use in application with high dynamic loads. Damping of peak torques and vibrations as well as electrical insulation between motor and gearbox are further reasons for the use of this coupling type.
KL
These couplings are for use in application with high dynamic loads. Damping of peak torques and vibrations as well as electrical insulation between motor and gearbox are further reasons for the use of this coupling type.
KLST
These couplings are for use in application with high dynamic loads. Damping of peak torques and vibrations as well as electrical insulation between motor and gearbox are further reasons for the use of this coupling type.
KST
These couplings are for use in application with high dynamic loads. Damping of peak torques and vibrations as well as electrical insulation between motor and gearbox are further reasons for the use of this coupling type.
N
The Hub with Brake Disc Type N + NX is appropriate for all drives, where the brake is not located between motor and gearbox, like brake installation on the second gear box shaft or at the motor end shaft.
NTRST
The NTRST Drum Couplings is a high-performance solution for hoist, winches, and conveying systems, ensuring a reliable connection between the gearbox output shaft and the rope drum. Designed to compensate for misalignments caused by bending drum structures, it enhances equipment lifespan and reduces wear.
NX
The Hub with Brake Disc Type N + NX is appropriate for all drives, where the brake is not located between motor and gearbox, like brake installation on the second gear box shaft or at the motor end shaft.
JHS WTC
JHS WTC is a flexible disc coupling mounted between gearbox and generator. It's a tailor-made solution for wind turbine applications (Type WTC = Wind Turbine Coupling).
GLOBAL
SUPPORT NETWORK
An investment in DELLNER BUBENZER provides benefits beyond the highest quality product  standards that have been globally appreciated for decades. As an industry-leading brake product provider, we are also distinguished by our 24/7 concierge service. Our worldwide network of factory-certified technicians trained on the latest in technology  enables us to provide fast reaction times and infinite support on a local level.
We are always there for our customers to minimize downtime and maximize productivity. A partnership with DELLNER BUBENZER delivers long-term success and service satisfaction that can be trusted.
LEARN MORE
FIND A LOCATION
SUPPORT UNLIMITED
Preventative Service
Reactive Services
Life Cycle Management