DELLNER BUBENZER
Products
Home
Products
FILTER BY INDUSTRY
All
All
Bridges & Movable Structures
Container Handling
Cranes & Hoists
General Industry
Iron & Steel
Marine Propulsion
Material Handling
Mining & Bulk Handling
Offshore
Oil & Gas
Pulp & Paper
Wind Energy
FILTER BY PRODUCT TYPE
All
All
Caliper / Disc Brakes
Components & Accessories
Couplings
Drum & Band Brakes
Hydraulic Systems
Locking Devices
Monitoring & Control Systems
Motor Mounted Brakes
Pneumatic Drum Clutches & Brakes
Stop Turn Lock Systems
Storm Brakes (Rail & Wheel Brakes)
Thruster / BUEL®
Wind Turbine Components
WPT Disc Clutches & Brakes
SKP 140 SA Fail Safe Brake
With a single acting (SA) brake, braking force is generated in one half of the brake and the other half slides towards it using a robust, low friction system, enabling self-alignment and making it ideal for small spaces and applications with axial movement.
SKP 180 A  Fail Safe Brake
The SKP model disc brake is a spring applied, hydraulically released brake which offers a reliable and safe of method of braking linear or rotary motion.
SKP 180 S  Fail Safe Brake
The SKP model disc brake is a spring applied, hydraulically released brake which offers a reliable and safe of method of braking linear or rotary motion.
SKP 50 Fail Safe Brake
The SKP model disc brake is a spring applied, hydraulically released brake which offers a reliable and safe of method of braking linear or rotary motion.
SKP 65 SA Fail Safe Brake
With a single acting (SA) brake, braking force is generated in one half of the brake and the other half slides towards it using a robust, low friction system, enabling self-alignment and making it ideal for small spaces and applications with axial movement.
SKP 95 Fail Safe Brake
The SKP model disc brake is a spring applied, hydraulically released brake which offers a reliable and safe of method of braking linear or rotary motion.
SKP 95 SA Fail Safe Brake
With a single acting (SA) brake, braking force is generated in one half of the brake and the other half slides towards it using a robust, low friction system, enabling self-alignment and making it ideal for small spaces and applications with axial movement.
STL - Stop Turn Locking System
The STL Systems are "multi-function" units, all contained within one interface.   It is indeed a modular system that you can choose the function(s) needed. All from single, S (Stopping) T (Turning) or L (Locking) functions.
Twin Safe
The Twin Safe is our larger torque twin disc variation of our classic reliable SFB series, used successfully on winch motors in ship building and as a safety, service or holding brake in wharf crane installations.
VSR-3 For SB Brakes
A retrofitable, compact electronic status indication system to be integrated into the brake as an additional device.
JHS-RBA-16-90
Hydraulic active rotor brake
JHS-RBA-300-75
A hydraulic active rotor brake with a braking force of 44 kN that’s been specially developed for use in damp, dusty and corrosive working environments
JHS-RBA-SFRA12-120
Due to its high capacity, our SFRA brake is mainly used as a rotor brake in wind turbines. It is particularly suitable for applications with a high duty cycle.
JHS-RBA-SFRA8-100
Due to its high capacity, our SFRA brake is mainly used as a rotor brake in wind turbines. It is particularly suitable for applications with a high duty cycle.
JHS WTC
JHS WTC is a flexible disc coupling mounted between gearbox and generator. It's a tailor-made solution for wind turbine applications (Type WTC = Wind Turbine Coupling).
JHS-YBA-16-90
Hydraulic active yaw brake caliper
JHS-YBA-32-120
Hydraulic active yaw brake caliper with GL Type Certification
JHS-YBA-8-120
Hydraulic active yaw brake caliper
Prev
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
Next
GLOBAL
SUPPORT NETWORK
An investment in DELLNER BUBENZER provides benefits beyond the highest quality product  standards that have been globally appreciated for decades. As an industry-leading brake product provider, we are also distinguished by our 24/7 concierge service. Our worldwide network of factory-certified technicians trained on the latest in technology  enables us to provide fast reaction times and infinite support on a local level.
We are always there for our customers to minimize downtime and maximize productivity. A partnership with DELLNER BUBENZER delivers long-term success and service satisfaction that can be trusted.
LEARN MORE
FIND A LOCATION
SUPPORT UNLIMITED
Preventative Service
Reactive Services
Life Cycle Management