DELLNER BUBENZER
Products
Home
Products
FILTER BY INDUSTRY
All
All
Bridges & Movable Structures
Container Handling
Cranes & Hoists
General Industry
Iron & Steel
Marine Propulsion
Material Handling
Mining & Bulk Handling
Offshore
Oil & Gas
Pulp & Paper
Wind Energy
FILTER BY PRODUCT TYPE
All
All
Caliper / Disc Brakes
Components & Accessories
Couplings
Drum & Band Brakes
Hydraulic Systems
Locking Devices
Monitoring & Control Systems
Motor Mounted Brakes
Pneumatic Drum Clutches & Brakes
Stop Turn Lock Systems
Storm Brakes (Rail & Wheel Brakes)
Thruster / BUEL®
Wind Turbine Components
WPT Disc Clutches & Brakes
JHS-YBA-BACW200
A hydraulic active yaw brake with GL Type Certification and braking force of 620 kN.
JHS-YBP-1X80
A passive yaw sliding bearing with  a robust yet simple design that guarantees optimum performance throughout the life of the turbine.
JHS-YBP-3X65
A passive yaw sliding bearing with  a robust yet simple design that guarantees optimum performance throughout the life of the turbine.
Brake Rectifiers BGL/EGL
Half Wave & Full Wave rectifiers for Din rail or panel mounted rectification.
DBB 55 - 140
Gas-hydraulic buffers are installed as impact energy absorber on crane gantries, trolleys, elevators, stackers, reclaimers and other industrial equipment.
PE 400/150/5
Protective element to be connected parallel to the output of the rectifiers BGL, EGL and SGL to increase the interurruption capacity
Rectifiers FWR and HWR
Half Wave & Full Wave rectifiers for junction box mounting.
Switching Rectifier SGL
Din rail mounted unit switches from bridge rectification to half-wave
rectification
WPT Low Inertia Brakes
WPT Low Inertia Brakes are suited for high cycle applications or general brake duties. These heavy duty brakes afford increased precision for your processes with minimal part movement during start and stop, acceleration time is decreased leading to more cycles per minute.
WPT Low Inertia Clutch
WPT Low Inertia Clutches and Brakes are suited for high cycle applications or general clutch/brake duties.
WPT Low Inertia High Torque Clutch
WPT Low Inertia High Torque Clutches are suited for high cycle applications or general clutch duties.
WPT Mechanical PTO (Power Take Off)
This flywheel PTO is designed for inline and sideload applications on all internal combustion engines with standard SAE industrial flywheel or flywheel housing dimensions.
WPT Pilotless Mechanical PTO (Power Take Off)
WPT Power has engineered the WPT Pilotless™ Mechanical Power Take-off to eliminates the pilot bearing and increases side load capacity over previous generations of PTO products.
WPT Planetary Hydraulic Hoist
WPT Planetary Hydraulic Hoists are ideal for applications in the oil & gas, utility, and crane industries. WPT’s hoist designs adhere to SAE J706 standards and provide lifting capacities of 8,000 lbf and 12,000 lbf, respectively.
WPT Planetary Hydrualic Winches
WPT Planetary Hydraulic Winches provide fast line speed and consistent, powerful pull capacity.
WPT Power Grip
WPT® Power Grip clutches are designed to accommodate in-line and shaft-to-shaft power transmission applications with large inertia loads.
WPT Power Grip PO
The WPT® Power Grip PO Clutch is suitable for in-line and shaft-to-shaft power transmission applications.
WPT Type 2 PTO (Power Take Off)
The WPT® Type 2 Hydraulic Power Take-Off utilizes large spherical roller bearings designed for heavier duty sideload capacity.
Prev
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
Next
GLOBAL
SUPPORT NETWORK
An investment in DELLNER BUBENZER provides benefits beyond the highest quality product  standards that have been globally appreciated for decades. As an industry-leading brake product provider, we are also distinguished by our 24/7 concierge service. Our worldwide network of factory-certified technicians trained on the latest in technology  enables us to provide fast reaction times and infinite support on a local level.
We are always there for our customers to minimize downtime and maximize productivity. A partnership with DELLNER BUBENZER delivers long-term success and service satisfaction that can be trusted.
LEARN MORE
FIND A LOCATION
SUPPORT UNLIMITED
Preventative Service
Reactive Services
Life Cycle Management