DELLNER BUBENZER
SKD 100 Active Brakes
Home
Products
SKD 100 Active Brakes
REQUEST INFORMATION
DOWNLOAD SPECIFICATIONS
OVERVIEW
MAIN FEATURES
OPTIONS
SKD 100 Active Brakes
Braking Force:
Up to 129,200 N
DELLNER BUBENZER's model SKD disc brakes are direct acting, hydraulic or air pressure applied, spring released units. The braking force achieved is directly proportional to the applied pressure. The SKD series could be delivered with two housings each consisting of one or several cylinders or as single acting SA versions. Low pressure and high pressure version with several lining material alternatives are available.
Hydraulic Applied, Spring Released
Brake Pad Wear is automatically compensated
Robust and easy maintained design with long life cycle
Dual or Single housing configuration
Easy adjustment (no special tools)
Models with primary and secondary cylinder seals
Electric or Hydraulic
Support/pedestal including piping to one connection point
Electrical Indicators: ON/OFF, Wear
Lining material alternatives meeting application specific requirements
Corrosion protection; surface paint layer thickness and shades and, stainless steel components
Retraction spring configurations to overcome hydrostatic difficulties
Additional PRODUCTS
FILTER BY INDUSTRY
All
All
Bridges & Movable Structures
Container Handling
Cranes & Hoists
General Industry
Iron & Steel
Marine Propulsion
Material Handling
Mining & Bulk Handling
Offshore
Oil & Gas
Pulp & Paper
Wind Energy
FILTER BY PRODUCT TYPE
All
All
Caliper / Disc Brakes
Components & Accessories
Couplings
Drum & Band Brakes
Hydraulic Systems
Locking Devices
Monitoring & Control Systems
Motor Mounted Brakes
Pneumatic Drum Clutches & Brakes
Stop Turn Lock Systems
Storm Brakes (Rail & Wheel Brakes)
Thruster / BUEL®
Wind Turbine Components
WPT Disc Clutches & Brakes
Anti Sway Systems
DELLNER BUBENZER's Anti Sway Systems allow the damping of head-block, spreader and container oscillation generated by acceleration / deceleration of trolley and gantry.
BAC
The BAC-brakes is used for stopping and/or holding of fans, blowers, wind turbines, coilers, crane slewing and travel gears etc.
BHB
Band Brake for large torque applications that can be used for emergencies or back up braking needs. Band Brakes have been around for many years and we offer many ways to operate via thruster, air, hydraulic or hand wheel.
BOSS®
The BOSS® Brake Only Snag System system has been developed based on the experience with the SOS system that has been already installed in more than 200 container cranes world wide.
Brake Control Unit BCMS-X
The BCMS-X is a micro-controller-based monitoring and switching device for spring applied brakes of the SFB, KFB, and TS series.
Brake Control Unit BCU2001
The Brake Control Unit BCU 2001 records characteristic current and voltage variations, which are induced by movements of the armature disk in the magnetic field of the brake coil.
BRB 120
These brakes are for parking utilization, securing the crane against the wind force. In emergency condition they can be operated also as dynamic brakes to stop the crane. They are hydraulic powered with HPU or BUEL® G.
BSC
The high capacity of these brakes makes them particularly suitable as service- or secondary emergency brakes e.g. on hoists, slewing drives and belt conveyors.
Buel® G
The BUEL® Model G is a new family member of the DELLNER BUBENZER brand BUEL®. It is a compact thruster to feed active or passive hydraulic brakes and emergency brakes.
Buel® H
The BUEL® Model H is a family member of the DELLNER BUBENZER brand BUEL®. BUEL® thrusters are used for almost all kind of industrial applications.
CMB-3 For SB Brakes
Compact status monitoring system for a brake system with display and fieldbus interface.
CMB-3 For SF Brakes
Compact status monitoring system for a brake system with display and fieldbus interface.
Compactus HPU
Compactus is a pneumatically operated hydraulic pump system that multiplies pneumatic line pressure into hydraulic pressure that is sufficient to operate pressure applied disc brakes at rated capacity.
DB HPU
The DB hydraulic power packs deliver pressure up to 200 bar and can be delivered with optional hydraulic cabinets and electrical terminal boxes.
DBRB
These brakes are for parking utilization, securing the crane against the wind force. In emergency condition they can be operated also as dynamic brakes to stop the crane.
DBRBe
These brakes are for parking utilization, securing the crane against the wind force. In emergency condition they can be operated also as dynamic brakes to stop the crane.
DBSB
DELLNER BUBENZER's DBSB is a storm safety brake for all rail mounted equipment, e. g. cranes, stackers, reclaimers etc.
DBSBT
Rail brakes work pressing down on the top of rail by disk springs. Brakes are hydraulically released. Usual parking utilisation requires a few closing / opening cycles per day.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
Next
close window
Request Information
1
Please select a Dellner Bubenzer office location in your region.
Choose a Location
Choose a Location
Benelux
Brasil
China
China Shanghai
Germany
Italy
Malaysia
Middle East
Singapore
Sweden
USA
2
Please select a reason for today’s inquiry.
Select an Option
Sales
Service
Become a Supplier
General Inquiry
PROCEED
I am interested in receiving more information about SKD 100 Active Brakes.
SUBMIT Form
Site protected by Google reCAPTCHA.
Google
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
apply.
close window
Request for Download
Thank you for your interest in our downloadable content. Please complete the form below in order to access website downloads.
I agree to receive future communication from DELLNER BUBENZER.
SUBMIT Form
Site protected by Google reCAPTCHA.
Google
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
apply.