DELLNER BUBENZER
Pneumatic Drum Clutches & Brakes
Home
PRODUCTS
Pneumatic Drum Clutches & Brakes
FILTER BY INDUSTRY
All
All
Pulp & Paper
General Industry
Marine Propulsion
Offshore
Oil & Gas
Material Handling
Mining & Bulk Handling
Iron & Steel
FILTER BY PRODUCT TYPE
Pneumatic Drum Clutches & Brakes
All
Caliper / Disc Brakes
Components & Accessories
Couplings
Drum & Band Brakes
Hydraulic Systems
Locking Devices
Monitoring & Control Systems
Motor Mounted Brakes
Pneumatic Drum Clutches & Brakes
Stop Turn Lock Systems
Storm Brakes (Rail & Wheel Brakes)
Thruster / BUEL®
Wind Turbine Components
WPT Disc Clutches & Brakes
FKE Series
The FKE is best suited for applications with light starting and stopping loads. It is also commonly used as a slip clutch or tension brake within light horsepower and torque applications.
FKR Series
The FKR is often referred to as a coupling, as its expanding neoprene rubber facing engages the interior diameter of the drum directly. The resulting friction generates significant torque within a small package.
FK Series
The FK is well suited as a clutch or brake for a variety of high speed and low to medium torque power transmission applications where high heat generation is not a factor.
FKT Series
The FKT is well suited for applications with the most demanding equipment where severe clutching and braking is required.
FM Series
The FM is designed and manufactured for marine applications, mainly for use on diesel-driven reduction gears.
GLOBAL
SUPPORT NETWORK
An investment in DELLNER BUBENZER provides benefits beyond the highest quality product  standards that have been globally appreciated for decades. As an industry-leading brake product provider, we are also distinguished by our 24/7 concierge service. Our worldwide network of factory-certified technicians trained on the latest in technology  enables us to provide fast reaction times and infinite support on a local level.
We are always there for our customers to minimize downtime and maximize productivity. A partnership with DELLNER BUBENZER delivers long-term success and service satisfaction that can be trusted.
LEARN MORE
FIND A LOCATION
SUPPORT UNLIMITED
Preventative Service
Reactive Services
Life Cycle Management