DELLNER BUBENZER
Caliper / Disc Brakes
Home
PRODUCTS
Caliper / Disc Brakes
FILTER BY INDUSTRY
All
All
Container Handling
Cranes & Hoists
Marine Propulsion
Offshore
Material Handling
Mining & Bulk Handling
Iron & Steel
Bridges & Movable Structures
Oil & Gas
Pulp & Paper
General Industry
FILTER BY PRODUCT TYPE
Caliper / Disc Brakes
All
Caliper / Disc Brakes
Components & Accessories
Couplings
Drum & Band Brakes
Hydraulic Systems
Locking Devices
Monitoring & Control Systems
Motor Mounted Brakes
Pneumatic Drum Clutches & Brakes
Stop Turn Lock Systems
Storm Brakes (Rail & Wheel Brakes)
Thruster / BUEL®
Wind Turbine Components
WPT Disc Clutches & Brakes
BAC
The BAC-brakes is used for stopping and/or holding of fans, blowers, wind turbines, coilers, crane slewing and travel gears etc.
BSC
The high capacity of these brakes makes them particularly suitable as service- or secondary emergency brakes e.g. on hoists, slewing drives and belt conveyors.
SB 16
The SB 16 brake has a very compact design and is often used on trolleys for container gantry cranes, RTG and RMG equipment
SB 17.3 MX
The SB 17.3 MX brake is a spring-actuated, magnetic-return disc brake for trolley applications on container gantry cranes and other port logistics equipment. Furthermore, the very compact design results in a range of industrial applications in various industries
SB 17.3 MXs
The SB series stands out due to its extremely fast closing times and its variability. It is used in a wide range of industries around the world due to its versatility, ease of application and user-friendly handling.
SB 22
The SB 22 stands out due to its extremely fast closing times and its variability. It is used in a wide range of industries around the world due to its versatility, ease of application and user-friendly handling.
SB 23.3
The SB 23.3 stands out due to its extremely fast closing times and its variability. It is used in a wide range of industries around the world due to its versatility, ease of application and user-friendly handling.
SB 28.5
Supported by decades of engineering, evolution, and innovation, the SB 28.5 brake presents significant advantages with an enhanced and compact design, sustainability, and preeminent performance.
SB 30
The SB 30 is the most powerful service brake in this series. It is dimensioned for large hoists and for BOSS applications. Furthermore, automatic adjustment, self-centering, jaw parallel adjustment are part of the standard equipment.
SB 8 Series
The SB 8 series covers a large part of the versatile industrial applications. It is often used in hoists where installation space is limited and can be equipped with a wide range of options.
SBS - Safety Brake System
The SBS system consist of a spring applied, hydraulically released SKP model disc brake and the hydraulic brake release pressure is generated from a Hydraulic Power Pack – all incorporated on a bracket. The SBS is typically used on stacker cranes (bolted to crane structure) and the brake is acting directly on the crane travel railhead. The system communicate with the crane control system and can stop the crane wherever in the aisle in an emergency situation.
SF 10-40
The high capacity of the SF-series makes them particularly suitable as secondary emergency brakes on hoist gears and on downhill conveyors.
SF 50
The high capacity of the SF-series makes them particularly suitable as secondary emergency brakes on hoist gears and on downhill conveyor.
SKD 100 Active Brakes
DELLNER BUBENZER's model SKD disc brakes are direct acting, hydraulic or air pressure applied, spring released units.
SKD 140 Active Brakes
DELLNER BUBENZER's model SKD disc brakes are direct acting, hydraulic or air pressure applied, spring released units.
SKD 35-50-65-80 Active Brake
DELLNER BUBENZER's model SKD disc brakes are direct acting, hydraulic or air pressure applied, spring released units.
SKD 4x125 Active Brakes
DELLNER BUBENZER's model SKD disc brakes are direct acting, hydraulic or air pressure applied, spring released units.
SKD 90 Active Brakes
DELLNER BUBENZER's model SKD disc brakes are direct acting, hydraulic or air pressure applied, spring released units.
SKD(E) 100 Electric Active Brake
DELLNER BUBENZER's model SKDe disc brakes are direct acting electric applied, spring released units.
SKD(E) 50 Electric Active Brake
DELLNER BUBENZER's model SKDe disc brakes are direct acting electric applied, spring released units. The braking force achieved is directly proportional to the applied pressure.
SKP 140 Fail Safe Brake
The SKP model disc brake is a spring applied, hydraulically released brake which offers a reliable and safe of method of braking linear or rotary motion.
SKP 140 SA Fail Safe Brake
With a single acting (SA) brake, braking force is generated in one half of the brake and the other half slides towards it using a robust, low friction system, enabling self-alignment and making it ideal for small spaces and applications with axial movement.
SKP 180 A  Fail Safe Brake
The SKP model disc brake is a spring applied, hydraulically released brake which offers a reliable and safe of method of braking linear or rotary motion.
SKP 180 S  Fail Safe Brake
The SKP model disc brake is a spring applied, hydraulically released brake which offers a reliable and safe of method of braking linear or rotary motion.
SKP 50 Fail Safe Brake
The SKP model disc brake is a spring applied, hydraulically released brake which offers a reliable and safe of method of braking linear or rotary motion.
SKP 65 SA Fail Safe Brake
With a single acting (SA) brake, braking force is generated in one half of the brake and the other half slides towards it using a robust, low friction system, enabling self-alignment and making it ideal for small spaces and applications with axial movement.
SKP 95 Fail Safe Brake
The SKP model disc brake is a spring applied, hydraulically released brake which offers a reliable and safe of method of braking linear or rotary motion.
SKP 95 SA Fail Safe Brake
With a single acting (SA) brake, braking force is generated in one half of the brake and the other half slides towards it using a robust, low friction system, enabling self-alignment and making it ideal for small spaces and applications with axial movement.
GLOBAL
SUPPORT NETWORK
An investment in DELLNER BUBENZER provides benefits beyond the highest quality product  standards that have been globally appreciated for decades. As an industry-leading brake product provider, we are also distinguished by our 24/7 concierge service. Our worldwide network of factory-certified technicians trained on the latest in technology  enables us to provide fast reaction times and infinite support on a local level.
We are always there for our customers to minimize downtime and maximize productivity. A partnership with DELLNER BUBENZER delivers long-term success and service satisfaction that can be trusted.
LEARN MORE
FIND A LOCATION
SUPPORT UNLIMITED
Preventative Service
Reactive Services
Life Cycle Management