DELLNER BUBENZER
Products
Home
Products
FILTER BY INDUSTRY
All
All
Bridges & Movable Structures
Container Handling
Cranes & Hoists
General Industry
Iron & Steel
Marine Propulsion
Material Handling
Mining & Bulk Handling
Offshore
Oil & Gas
Pulp & Paper
Wind Energy
FILTER BY PRODUCT TYPE
All
All
Caliper / Disc Brakes
Components & Accessories
Couplings
Drum & Band Brakes
Hydraulic Systems
Locking Devices
Monitoring & Control Systems
Motor Mounted Brakes
Pneumatic Drum Clutches & Brakes
Stop Turn Lock Systems
Storm Brakes (Rail & Wheel Brakes)
Thruster / BUEL®
Wind Turbine Components
WPT Disc Clutches & Brakes
DBSZ
These rail clamps are storm brakes static suitable for small to medium forces. They are spring actuated; the spring exercise the closing force while an hydraulic cylinder fed by a suitable hydraulic unit provides the opening.
DBSZA
These rail clamps are storm brakes suitable for high forces. They are self-blocking type; in case a force acts on the crane and tends to put the same into motion, they press on the rail sideways.
DBSZe
These rail clamps are storm brakes static suitable for small to medium forces. They are spring actuated; the spring exercise the closing force while a group composed by electric motor, gear reducer and a ball screw provides the opening.
DBSZR
These rail clamps are storm brakes suitable for high forces. They are self-blocking type; in case a force acts on the crane and tends to put the same into motion, they press on the rail sideways.
EB
These couplings are for use in application with high dynamic loads. Damping of peak torques and vibrations as well as electrical insulation between motor and gearbox are key features that make this type of coupling ideal for use.
EBA
The EBA is a powerful drum brake with braking torques from 24 (ft-lb) to 9000 (ft-lb) that meets AISE (TR11) & NEMA (ICS 8) standards.
EBH
The EBH series is designed according to DIN 15435. This design is very compact and can be used in tight motor gearbox combinations.
EBN
The EBN series is designed according to DIN 15435 and has been in use in various industries for decades. EBN-2St modification: the drum brakes solution for Bridges and Sluice Systems
ECD
These couplings are for use in application with high dynamic loads. Damping of peak torques and vibrations as well as electrical insulation between motor and gearbox are key features that make this type of coupling ideal for use.
FKE Series
The FKE is best suited for applications with light starting and stopping loads. It is also commonly used as a slip clutch or tension brake within light horsepower and torque applications.
FKR Series
The FKR is often referred to as a coupling, as its expanding neoprene rubber facing engages the interior diameter of the drum directly. The resulting friction generates significant torque within a small package.
FK Series
The FK is well suited as a clutch or brake for a variety of high speed and low to medium torque power transmission applications where high heat generation is not a factor.
FKT Series
The FKT is well suited for applications with the most demanding equipment where severe clutching and braking is required.
FM Series
The FM is designed and manufactured for marine applications, mainly for use on diesel-driven reduction gears.
Hand Pump
Our hand pump can be used to simply activate the Dellner brake calipers. It also acts as a back up system for the primary pressure supply system.
Hydraulic Rotary Actuator
The hydraulic rotary actuator is a device which transform hydraulic power (pressure and flow) in mechanical power: torque and angular speed.
JHS-RLH-200
A hydraulic rotor lock offering up to 250 bar pressure with an activation time of 60 seconds.
JHS-RLH-240
We offer three models of the JHS-RLH-240 hydraulic rotor lock – the GL Type Certified JHS-RLH-240, the JHS-RLM-240 and the JHS-RLH-240-154. All these locks deliver up to 250 bar pressure with an activation time of just 35 seconds.
Prev
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
Next
GLOBAL
SUPPORT NETWORK
An investment in DELLNER BUBENZER provides benefits beyond the highest quality product  standards that have been globally appreciated for decades. As an industry-leading brake product provider, we are also distinguished by our 24/7 concierge service. Our worldwide network of factory-certified technicians trained on the latest in technology  enables us to provide fast reaction times and infinite support on a local level.
We are always there for our customers to minimize downtime and maximize productivity. A partnership with DELLNER BUBENZER delivers long-term success and service satisfaction that can be trusted.
LEARN MORE
FIND A LOCATION
SUPPORT UNLIMITED
Preventative Service
Reactive Services
Life Cycle Management