Home
Products
Power and Motion Technology
Brakes
Brake Products
200S Industrial Duty Brakes
200S Industrial Duty Brakes
Images
Mondel 200S range of industrial shoe brakes are suitable for a variety of industrial and mining applications and environments including cranes, conveyors, moving bridges, fans, winches, turn-tables, overhead doors, lock gates, strip processing equipment, shiploaders, ore bridges, deck machinery, machine tools and many other types of machinery which require reliable stopping and holding.
Request a Quote
ETO Brake Application Questionnaire
Need Assistance?
Not sure if this is the right product for your application, or need a custom solution?
Contact us
today for help from an expert.
Features & Benefits
Features & Benefits
Whether you are installing new equipment or updating existing systems, Magnetek has a heavy-duty, cost-effective brake for your application. Our brakes are designed with high-performance, reliability and safety in mind.
Designed with a minimum number of moving parts, these brakes provide long service life with reduced maintenance and downtime. 200S General Purpose Industrial Brakes are ideal for high-duty cycle industrial applications such as overhead cranes, conveyors, hoists, bridges, turntables, lock gates, and more.
Spring-applied and electrically released – AC thruster or DC coil
Easy retrofitting
Compact design, low shaft height ideal for cranes with low headroom
Easy to install, adjust, and maintain
Fast response times: standard units 2,000 cycles per hour
Standard stainless steel pivot pins for longer service
Highly reliable, continuous duty EMG ELDRO thruster used to release brake
Floor and wall mounting
Fabricated steel plate and cast steel construction
Auto Equalization: automatically equalizes and maintains running shoe clearance and maintains proper running, which provides balanced braking and equal brake pad wear
Environmentally safe, non-asbestos REACH-compliant brake linings offer a constant coefficient of friction over the normal operation temperature range
Type MST – 3 PH. AC Thruster
Mondel standard footprint to provide lowest shaft height and headroom possible
Continuously rated service < 70°C
Standard supplies: 230/460, 208/575 VAC, 3 phase, 60 Hz
Four adjustable configurations when built-in spring is used (ST internal spring brake type)
Type AST – 3 PH. AC Thruster
AIST/AISE-NEMA: footprint, drum diameter, and torque requirements
Continuously rated service < 70°C
Standard supplies: 230/460, 208/575 VAC, 3 phase, 60 Hz
Four adjustable configurations when built-in spring is used (ST internal spring brake type)
Type MSA – DC Magnet
Mondel standard footprint to provide lowest shaft height and headroom possible
Magnet coils encapsulated in epoxy resin class F insulation
Shunt: 12V through 550 VDC
Series: 4A through 300A
Type IST – 3 PH. AC Thruster
DIN 15435 Part 1: footprint, drum diameter, and torque requirements
DIN 15435 Part 2: brake shoe to fit DIN 15431 brake drums
Continuously rated service < 70°C
Standard supplies: 230/460, 208/575 VAC, and 400/690 VAC, 3 phase, 50 Hz
Four adjustable configurations when built-in spring is used (ST internal spring brake type)
Optional Features
MSA – DC Magnet
Class H Insulation
Forcing rectifiers: fast response for AC crane hoists
Constant potential rectifiers: for AC crane bridges, trolleys, etc.
Terminal box rectifiers: special applications – consult factory
Magnetek® 200S Industrial Brakes
The 200S Range brake has a compact size with low shaft height, making it easy to retrofit into existing installations. Designed with a minimum number of moving parts, these brakes provide long service life with reduced maintenance and downtime. Learn more about this versatile brake.
In order to view this video, you must accept performance cookies for this website.
×
Magnetek Support Services
Over 150 years of combined experience means Magnetek has the expertise to skillfully serve your application needs before, during, and after we complete a project. With products designed to maximize the performance of your material handling system, start-up and field assistance, programs designed to train employees on optimal product usage, and quick, value-driven product repair and recertification, Magnetek is able to assist you with the highest level of service.
Learn More
Documents
Documents
Brochures & Catalogs
[
Brochure
] Mondel Brake Family Brochure - English
[
Flyers
] BrakeMD Repair and Recertification Brochure - English
[
Brochure
] EMG Authorize Authorized Repair Center Brochure - English
[
Brochure
] Brake Quick Ship Program Brochure - English
Show All Brochures & Catalogs
Show Less Brochures & Catalogs
Product & Data Sheets
[
Product Sheet
] Brakes Questionnaire - English
[
Product Sheet
] Bridge Brake Questionnaire - English
Show All Product & Data Sheets
Show Less Product & Data Sheets
Related Products
Related Products
Braketronic® Controller
The Mondel Braketronic Controller provides variable torque control of Mondel Thruster operated shoe or disc brakes.
IMPULSE®•G+ Mini
The low horsepower (HP) IMPULSE•G+ Mini is our easiest to program drive to date, with user-friendly standard programming for basic applications and advanced programming capability for high performance environments.
Custom Engineered Brakes
Our engineers can custom design brakes with simple manual brake and release designs, unique torque or dimensional requirements, and brakes that meet specific environmental considerations.
400D Heavy-Duty Disc Brakes
Use our 400D as a drop-in replacement for your existing disc brakes or, with modifications, as a replacement for your existing drum brakes in high duty cycle, high speed or high torque stopping applications.