Home
Products
Power and Motion Technology
Brakes
Brake Products
Vertical Brakes
Vertical Brakes
Images
Magnetek offers a vertical design of its AIST 300M Mill Duty Shoe Brake. The vertical MBT brake is a great fit when space is restricted by related machinery, structural components, or worker access requirements where a standard horizontal brake does not fit. The thruster is mounted above the brakewheel rather than on one side. The vertically mounted brake meets the same requirements as our horizontal MBT brakes and delivers the same rated torque with minimal maintenance and downtime.
Request a Quote
ETO Brake Application Questionnaire
Documents
Brochure
Browse All Documents
Need Assistance?
Not sure if this is the right product for your application, or need a custom solution?
Contact us
today for help from an expert.
Features & Benefits
Features & Benefits
Features and Benefits
Like all of our mill duty shoe brakes, the vertical MBT brake features fabricated steel construction and is designed for use in heavy-duty environments. Applications for mill duty shoe brakes include steel mills, stacker reclaimers, shiploaders, port cranes, shipyard cranes, offshore drilling rigs, missile assembly cranes, incinerator cranes, and large gantry cranes.
Features
TYPE MBTV — 3 PH. AC
Fast response — standard units 2,000 cycles per hour
Spring applied and electrically released
Continuously rated service < 40°C
Class F insulation
AC supplies: 208, 230, 460, 575/3Ph/60 Hz
Options
Auto-adjuster for lining wear
Adjustable external torque spring with calibrated indicator
Externally adjustable, stepless time delays in both directions; set and release
Braketronic Controller
Nitride Corrosion Protection
Latching hand release
Up to 3 limit switches to indicate brake position
DC supplies: 250V
50 Hz Actuators
Magnetek Support Services
Over 150 years of combined experience means Magnetek has the expertise to skillfully serve your application needs before, during, and after we complete a project. With products designed to maximize the performance of your material handling system, start-up and field assistance, programs designed to train employees on optimal product usage, and quick, value-driven product repair and recertification, Magnetek is able to assist you with the highest level of service.
Learn More
Documents
Documents
Brochures & Catalogs
[
Brochure
] Mondel Brake Family Brochure - English
[
Brochure
] Brake Quick Ship Program Brochure - English
Show All Brochures & Catalogs
Show Less Brochures & Catalogs
Product & Data Sheets
[
Product Sheet
] Brakes Questionnaire - English
Show All Product & Data Sheets
Show Less Product & Data Sheets
Related Products
Related Products
OmniPulse™ DDC Series 2 Digital DC Drive
OmniPulse DDC Series 2 employs semiconductor technology, which provides more advanced control of motor speed and torque than costly, inefficient DCCP control.
Braketronic® Controller
The Mondel Braketronic Controller provides variable torque control of Mondel Thruster operated shoe or disc brakes.
200S Industrial Duty Brakes
200S General Purpose Industrial Brakes are ideal for high-duty cycle industrial applications such as overhead cranes, conveyors, hoists, bridges, turntables, lock gates, and more.
Custom Engineered Brakes
Our engineers can custom design brakes with simple manual brake and release designs, unique torque or dimensional requirements, and brakes that meet specific environmental considerations.