Home
Products
Power and Motion Technology
Brakes
Brake Products
Custom Engineered Brakes
Custom Engineered Brakes
Images
Magnetek can furnish custom engineered brakes to meet the unique requirements of your application.
Request a Quote
ETO Brake Application Questionnaire
Documents
Brochure
Browse All Documents
Need Assistance?
Not sure if this is the right product for your application, or need a custom solution?
Contact us
today for help from an expert.
Features & Benefits
Features & Benefits
Our engineers can custom design brakes with simple manual brake and release designs, unique torque or dimensional requirements, and brakes that meet specific environmental considerations. We also boast an extensive library of brake designs developed to meet the dimensional and performance characteristics of other brake manufacturers’ designs. This makes the Mondel product line one of the most comprehensive in the industry — your single source for industrial braking technology.
Custom Engineered
Stainless steel frame hardware and links
Nitride heat treat corrosion protection
Special mountings
Wall
Ceiling
Motor mounted brakes
Manual brakes
Manual release brakes
Special coatings and finishes
Unique torque and dimensional requirements
Drop-in designs
Capabilities
Industrial cable reels
Railroad dumper cars
Bridges/heavy moveable structures
Conveyors
Turntables
Selector/lock dam gates
Any industrial braking application
Magnetek Support Services
Over 150 years of combined experience means Magnetek has the expertise to skillfully serve your application needs before, during, and after we complete a project. With products designed to maximize the performance of your material handling system, start-up and field assistance, programs designed to train employees on optimal product usage, and quick, value-driven product repair and recertification, Magnetek is able to assist you with the highest level of service.
Learn More
Documents
Documents
Brochures & Catalogs
[
Brochure
] Mondel Brake Family Brochure - English
[
Brochure
] Custom Engineered Brakes Brochure - English
Show All Brochures & Catalogs
Show Less Brochures & Catalogs
Product & Data Sheets
[
Product Sheet
] Brakes Questionnaire - English
Show All Product & Data Sheets
Show Less Product & Data Sheets
Related Products
Related Products
200S Industrial Duty Brakes
200S General Purpose Industrial Brakes are ideal for high-duty cycle industrial applications such as overhead cranes, conveyors, hoists, bridges, turntables, lock gates, and more.
300M Mill Duty Brakes
Mondel 300M Series Brakes, AIST mill duty rated, are designed for heavy-duty steel mill and other harsh environments and applications which require high integrity products.
400D Heavy-Duty Disc Brakes
Use our 400D as a drop-in replacement for your existing disc brakes or, with modifications, as a replacement for your existing drum brakes in high duty cycle, high speed or high torque stopping applications.
Motor Mounted Brakes
Magnetek's motor mounted brakes offer an easy alternative for brake integration.
Vertical Brakes
The vertical MBT brake is a great fit when space is restricted by related machinery, structural components, or worker access requirements where a standard horizontal brake does not fit.