Home
Products
Power and Motion Technology
Brakes
Brake Products
Motor Mounted Brakes
Motor Mounted Brakes
Images
Magnetek's motor mounted brakes offer an easy alternative for brake integration.
Request a Quote
ETO Brake Application Questionnaire
Documents
Brochure
Browse All Documents
Need Assistance?
Not sure if this is the right product for your application, or need a custom solution?
Contact us
today for help from an expert.
Features & Benefits
Features & Benefits
Many of Magnetek's industry-leading brakes are available as motor mounted brakes, offering an easy alternative for brake integration. Motor mounted brakes feature the brake already mounted on the opposite drive end (ODE) of the motor, which saves time and eliminates brake mounting labor.
Crane builders often buy shoe brakes, brake wheels and motors as separate items, then integrate them into their designs by building separate mounting bases for the motor and the brake. The motor and brake then need to be carefully aligned (usually with shims) to work properly.
Obtaining the motor with a brake package factory mounted simplifies crane design and saves shop time. With the brake mounted, the motor simply needs to be bolted in place and its shaft coupled to the gearbox input shaft. To use this approach, motors with a C-Face and tapered shaft on the ODE are supplied. This allows the brake support to be bolted to the motor’s machined flange, ensuring precise location of the brake. Normally, brakes mounted to the motor will be in the 4- to 13-inch wheel diameter size range.
Advantages
Eliminates brake pedestal
Eliminates alignment issues
Purchased as a pre-assembled “package”
Installs as a complete assembly
Saves time and labor costs
Magnetek Support Services
Over 150 years of combined experience means Magnetek has the expertise to skillfully serve your application needs before, during, and after we complete a project. With products designed to maximize the performance of your material handling system, start-up and field assistance, programs designed to train employees on optimal product usage, and quick, value-driven product repair and recertification, Magnetek is able to assist you with the highest level of service.
Learn More
Documents
Documents
Brochures & Catalogs
[
Brochure
] Mondel Brake Family Brochure - English
[
Brochure
] Brake Quick Ship Program Brochure - English
Show All Brochures & Catalogs
Show Less Brochures & Catalogs
Product & Data Sheets
[
Product Sheet
] Brakes Questionnaire - English
Show All Product & Data Sheets
Show Less Product & Data Sheets
Related Products
Related Products
Black Max® Motors
Designed to meet the needs of more common crane applications through 50 HP.
Blue Max® Motors
Ideal for use in any application where precise motion control is needed.
Encoders
Encoders are available as optional motor equipment to provide closed loop feedback signals by tracking the speed and/or position of a motor shaft.
Mondel Brake Wheels
Angled, offset, and coupled brake wheels are available for 200S General Purpose Industrial Brakes and 300M AIST Mill Duty Brakes.