Связываться
Контакт
MENU
CLOSE
SHI
Hydraulik
Aggregat
Features
Equipment
Листы данных
Hydraulik Aggregate
Компактный интеллект, максимальный контроль.
Das Hydraulikaggregat H-SF3 liefert die nötige Power für Federkraftbremsen – präzise gesteuert, effizient im Betrieb. Für reibungslose Abläufe, hohe Zuverlässigkeit und volle Systemintegration.
RELEASING THE BRAKE
If the 2/2 directional seat valve is energized, it is in closed position. The hydraulic pump motor starts working.
Thus, the hydraulic pressure is increased up to the value adjusted with pressure switch. When reaching the
adjusted pressure, the caliper is fully released.
The caliper release time is approximate 1 s from energizing of hydraulic pump motor and
2/2 directional seat valve.
BRAKE IN RELEASED POSITION
The higher order control system switches off the hydraulic pump motor with motor contactor
via control signal from pressure switch. The caliper remains in released position due to
check valve and the 2/2 directional seat valve is set to closed position ( energized ).
LOSS OF PRESSURE
The hydraulic system pressure could drop under the value adjusted on pressure switch due to possible leakage
of hydraulic piping. The motor contactor switches on the hydraulic pump
motor via control signal from the higher order control system. Thus, the hydraulic pressure is increased up to
the value adjusted with pressure switch.
CLOSING THE BRAKE
For closing the brake, the 2/2 directional seat valve and the hydraulic pump motor are disenergized simultaneuously. Thus the hydraulic pressure returns to the reservoir and the caliper is applied immediately. The closing times of the brakes in data sheet M 1501 364 E are valid after switch off power supply. In case of emergency
switch off or power failure the brake closes as discribed above.
EMERGENCY CONDITION
The hand pump is designed for an operating under emergency condition.
For releasing the caliper by hand pump the 2/2 directional seat valve must be closed manually
in order to close the return line.
SAFETY DRIVE
It’s necessary to control from the customer control system to switch off the pump motor in every case after
approx. 15 s ( depends on the system ). If the pressure switch don’t react after approx. 15 s there is a system
failure. This failure is to report from the customer control system.
sure to be safe
.
Hydraulic Power Units
Equipment
Hydraulik-Aggregat KA.2
Hydraulik-Aggregat KA.2
H-SF3 & H-SF3-SB
Type H-SF3-SB
Typ H-SF3 Cover
Typ H-SF3 Cover
Typ H-SF3 Housing
Typ H-SF3 Housing
SIBRE
World
Service
brakes
Safety
brakes
Storm
brakes
Муфты
Крановые колёса
Крановые буфера
Паспорта для
Hydraulic Power Units
Hydraulic Power Unit KA-2
Eldro
Information für die Funktionsweise
Hydraulic Power Unit H-SF3 housing
Hydraulic Power Unit H-SF3-SB
Mode of operation
Hydraulic Power Unit H-SF3 cover
Hydraulic Power Unit H-SF3
Hydraulic Power Unit V2
SIBRE
World
download
chevron-left
chevron-right
angle-left
angle-right
cross