Electrohydraulic thruster: Proven, robust lifting equipment
EMG ELHY
®
With its electrohydraulic thrusters EMG offers proven, robust lifting equipment for particularly demanding applications, including steelworks and mining.
Contact us directly
Brochure
Operating principle
The
EMG ELHY
®
units are available - with the same functional principle, the same internal design and the same external shape - in three different series The motor housing contains the stator of the drive motor, which is designed as a three-phase asynchronous squirrel-cage motor. The engine is running in the operating fluid.
The electrical connection is made via the terminal box, which tightly seals the motor housing. The feet cast onto the motor housing are used to fix the
EMG ELHY
®
unit. The impeller of the pump is mounted on the motor shaft. Above the impeller is the guide cylinder with the axially movable piston. The inside of the unit is filled with hydraulic medium up to the level of the filler opening.
Customer benefits
Proven, robust lifting equipment for very demanding applications, such as steelworks and mining
Individually suitable configuration for every application
Motor under transformer oil: fewer seals - less wear. Strong protection up to IP68 (underwater operation)
Internal position indicator in DIN, TGL with adaptations to regional standards, e.g. inch
CSA certification available
Ambient temperatures from -45 °C to +80 °C
All units 100% tested and recorded in function and endurance run
Perfect for these industries
Ports (Container / Bulk material)
EMG thrusters can be found on crane systems and container gantry cranes in all ports worldwide.
Raw material extraction / handling
When it comes to extracting raw materials, plant operators worldwide trust our quality products for heavy duty logistics.
The ELDRO
®
thruster has existed as a registered trademark since 1931 and has therefore been successful on the market for more than 90 years - an insanely successful product!
EMG ELDRO
®
meets all requirements of our customers, increases the safety of their brakes and is 100% tested.
With this pretention EMG sets the industry standard for electrohydraulic brake thrusters.
Alex Hoffmann
Area Sales Manager
+49 2762 612-318
alex.hoffmann(at)emg-automation.com