Perfecting your performance
… this also applies to our special actuator components: With hydraulic control HST, hydraulic power unit HR/HA, servo valves and electric servo cylinders, we ensure optimum strip tracking control individually tailored to the requirements of your system.
EMG guiding rolls
The EMG guiding rolls are used to guide the flat material within the processing line and to bridge different strip heights, e.g. between the strip storage and strip processing.
Individual hydraulic control EMG HST
An EMG HST hydraulic control system is used wherever installation space is at a minimum, e.g. even in close proximity to the hydraulic cylinder.
Hydraulic control and power units EMG HR/HA
The hydraulic control unit HR and the hydraulic power unit HA reliably generate hydraulic energy for any power range - high reliability in all applications.
EMG servo valve
Our rotary slide design with gap adjustment ensures minimum friction loss, high repetition accuracy and a wide power range for single-stage valves.
Control and positioning cylinder EMG ESZ
The Electro-Servo-Cylinder developed by EMG is used as a compact control and positioning cylinder without gear and with high positioning accuracy.
Customer benefits
01
Customer-specific design and optimisation
02
High reliability in all application areas
03
Low space requirement
Perfect for these industries
Steel & Metallurgy
Optimum guiding and quality assurance in the steel manufacturing industry with EMG solutions.
Automotive
EMG quality assurance systems optimise your automotive manufacturing processes for the highest production quality.
Aluminium
Our strip guiding and quality assurance solutions optimise the processing in the Aluminium industry.
Metal service centres
Reliable guiding and transparency about your quality for best processing results
Further strip guiding solutions
As a rule, a strip guiding system consists of a selection of actuators in combination with the following components:
Electronics
EMG has many years of experience and expertise in the development and application of modern control electronics such as EMG iCON
®
.
Sensors
For precise determination of the strip centre or edge position, EMG offers individual solutions using optical, inductive or radar-based sensors.
Our hydraulic and electric servo products ensure safe, precise acceleration and braking processes – even with large masses.
Jens Kathol
Product Manager Strip Guiding
+492762612-405
jens.kathol(at)emg-automation.com