Intelligent automation technology for your wastewater treatment plant
Do you need an automatic solution for your drainage processes, for example at the primary clarifier?
With the EMG quick response actuator ESSE, we offer you the perfect solution.
Contact us directly
Brochure
Function principle of EMG ESSE
During sediment sludge and floating sludge discharge, it quickly and automatically opens and closes the discharge valves. No pneumatics or hydraulics - everything works 100 % electrically.
The reinforced EMG ELHY
®
thruster with increased force operates the slide via a long, adjustable stainless steel rod. Closing is quick and automatic due to the return spring and the own weight of the linkage. Thanks to our failsafe principle, the fitting closes immediately in the event of a malfunction. The limit switches on the reciprocator detect the end positions.
Customer benefits
Plug & Play: 100 % electric - no pneumatics, no hydraulics
100 % automatable
Position feedback to the PLC of the system by inductive limit switches
EMG ELDRO
®
/ELHY
®
failsafe principle - the valve closes automatically in the event of a malfunction
Very fast opening and closing of the slide: Sludge is removed very effectively
Wide temperature range: ready for operation 24/7 at any time of year
Simple construction, almost maintenance-free
Thrusters with Ex protection possible
Biodegradable oils possible
Manual operation possible (lever), e.g. in case of power failure
Valve sizes DN 120/150/200/250
Optional: Stainless steel protective cover
Our quick response actuator EMG ESSE at the IFAT 2022
The ESSE units were installed in 1999 for automatic raw sludge removal from the primary clarifier, since then they have been running at 8 cycles per day without any malfunctions. During this time, apart from a few defective initiators, no repairs or other work was necessary. We are therefore very satisfied with the units, which is why the lifting units are now being replaced by the successor models.
Christian Schuhmann
Schnaittachtal sewage treatment plant in Neunkirchen am Sand
Perfect for this industry
Wastewater treatment plants
Our quick response actuator EMG ESSE guarantees fast, automatic opening and closing of the drain valves when discharging sediment and floating sludge.
The ELDRO
®
thruster has existed as a registered trademark since 1931 and has therefore been successful on the market for more than 90 years - an insanely successful product!
EMG ELDRO
®
meets all requirements of our customers, increases the safety of their brakes and is 100% tested.
With this pretention EMG sets the industry standard for electrohydraulic brake thrusters.
Wladimir Peters
Sales Manager EMG ELDRO
®
+49 2762 612-317
wladimir.peters(at)emg-automation.com